seperate te histories... mens rights....  
european history of men ruling ...

womens rights vs, black rights, vs gay rights, vs love rights vs robotic rights vs. jewish 
delineate the 

gnopsis,  watching dead self in mirror... pure 

kidnapping woman, attaining dog right..

qhite man is reversed... 


 hiro ... woke up... live in tokyo, softweare engineer.
 hobbies watch movies, traveling, skateboarding. 
 
 background api on ecommerce. 
 
 i am learning specific web front-end user interface... 
 now i have 2 or three projects. web apps, job matching website... other is 
 chatbot... dont like many phone calls so they want method to resolve customer questions 
 automatically ... writing user interface of chat bot

just super simple user interface. like sms ... there are selections, and images . few typo answers
peopel who want to work , need to make portfolio because company wants to know what they have been doing ... 
we can visualize priority of portfolio, by listing by quality of % portfolio completed ..

we pick good user and suggest to company... 
framework. bootstrap... sometimes its not fit to our website layout, sometimes using framework.


how hear about opp... everybody want software engineer. so my customer. always searching for other. company to
if i dont make a huge mistake. then there is ...freelance for almost 5 years 

hire tax attorny or accountant.. calculated tax for first 3 years and it was always so painful ...
finally decided to hire a tax accountant which was very good decision... 





topology1011 -- yohei . from hokaido, snows in winter. apparently its famous, sapporo
curious about ,,,  comedy without serious stories... these days prefer slice of life anime..

16 years, high school,  studied for four year, i dont think languages are simple tools to communicate..
chakras , 

in general college exam is determined by all of the subjects, hsiroty, math, social studies, english, japanese
requires to study everything/ dont do well in other subjects 





 
 
 kazu 
 obnstetrics and gyneacology.. love music, movies, and traveling.. .
 center of japan, 