junwas in paris now in paris... go back to nyc
castle in the isalnd,  mont saint michel




aya .. libreral democratic party... 2nd largest democratic party of japana
current prime minister thgan other leaders..

Thank you for booking an inspiring lesson Eiri and working so hard as a doctor. I really enjoyed breaking down the details regarding the disbanding of the net neutrality.  Your English comprehension is excellent and your sentence formation can be improved with Discussion Topics and/or Describing Pictures. Overall, keep up the great work and I hope to hear from you soon. 


eiri is a doctor.. dtalks about steroids and video games

tedsuya



if the cinema ignoite conversaation then much interesting movie. 

moonlight academy award... lala land was a famous movie
academny award shopliftee

koreeda is thinking about criticizing something and focusing on families.. i recommend you to see his movies...

i recommend 2 movies... NOBODY KNOWS >>> real case. one mother neglected, her children, and then her children independently
of course its miserable but a boy was independent and of course it was criminal... what happened to monday


replacing children in nurses... becoming further.... like father like son... korreda


shinjarou... 
 hammamto east coast side. close to the beach
 hobbies.. surfing .. very good waves... typhoon approaching makes great waves
 engineer for japanese company.. research ^ development and recently we ddevelop robotics.
 industrial and utilized cleaning machine.. scrub and sweep big shopping mall and factory.. airport, office building.. 
 
 we program the manipulator source code into the cpu.. 
 laser range finder can measure accurate distance... our robot is not family...
 
 SLAM... can maneuvar the map 
 calculate the way with 3d map alot of data... 2d map, with features.. keep tracks of its position in map\\
 need to calculate time. 
 
 at fdirst human teach robot the cleaning method? 
 human teaches robot how to clean/.
 
 
 japanese work force is decreasing. because new generation, young couples dont want to have many babies.. 
 decreasing population..
 
 softbank invested in thebrain... maybe 12 billion.. 
 
 
 yoshy./. .japanese wallpaper made of white color.. concrete..  . pieapple man.. 
 
 live in tokyo . land is expenseive. so it is rare to purchase individual house.. concrete apartment.. paitn by white.. 
 
 next day we need to compete with columbia... we xcan not keep up with s american excitement... go outside with party 
 yesterday went to specific park to enjoy football game.. until 5am portugzal vs. spain.. . i support sp[ain, 
 
 like ronald en barcelona] lots of similar last names 
 
 japanese educational is differe.
 
  4 stages
  
  elementary ,, jr high.. 13 - 15 year... 16 - 18 3 year program high school. then university.. 
  one athletic cfourse... tennis, football, 
  
  jr high is professional and beginner type... need mandatyory athletic class, most focus on soccer,30 sopccewr^ babies
  20 base 10 basketbal.. karate ^ tbl tennis... kaynishikori, followed by tennis for rich boom in japan and golf
  
  we also plasy billiard and pool for tyoshiy new table tennis set. negli. when we go to pool bar they are bad boys who smoke
  cigarettes... 
  
  yoshiyuiki sato
  
  
  BUDDY... recently quit companyt. focusing on own business. past few years
  
  publishers company for english textbooks for ... in japan ./.. hiried for editor..
  
  issuers with borrows in sales dept. only sold texctbooks for 16 years..
  
  build anger with selling these textbooks.. 
  made my youtube 2014 december... after a year ddmm found me to ask to help with project.
  
  been working on little things.. about 2 years.. talk about english grammar
  
  online school last year 1 and half years ago... work for publisher in day time and school at night\\
  
  lot of peopel who want to learn english so hosted seminars.. english grammar lessons... 4 cities. but going 
  to add next w.

perceive work as service for someone else.. wanan do some thing to be heplpful to others is a good way to take care of 
\yourself... english teacher.. now but not goal...  very famous guy on you tube. connecting these people with network..

start a new group for septemeer.. not specific but thinking about teaching. english ...make friends with sony . and big companies

so many ways of sharing knowledge 
\nearly three years youtube.. already 10 days not doing anyhting.. 

you have to sms liek twitter, facebook,  instagram... alot of already similar accounts.. follwoed their followers ..



tomo ... dont want google ISP to have more power over audiences..

invest in new technology.. 

4g meeting point with 5g technology... small midpoint... thats why 5g technologyies can connect everywhwere,  
they need money to change spot equipment.. ned inverstment to change the technology..  
  
  
  
  daiki ... 
  hackathon was tough and fruitful;l though I couldnt do much, I am completely beginner at programming... 
  
  celebrities get awa with ore crime.. partly agree because heard that celebrities got away because oftheir power\
  oir because of money... heard from americfan that some people held drug party ..
  
  the interenet is shining a spotlight on corruption and temptation
  
  owner of red bull made a car accdent but wasnt punished because of money..
  
  celebrities surely have some tiype of entitlement but paparazzi report that celebrities play around and get out of hand
  
  
  CELEBRITIES WHO TAKE DRUGS WOULD BE ARRESTED  but in USA sometimes celebrities do something that which cant be
  for ordianry people . for example. some said to have relationship with mafia.
  
  now thaere is a problem with the vocalist was appeared in idol group boys band... rock band 1ok rock... famous and popular, 
   the band is having problems 
   
   journeys is a newly made company  founded by 50 years ago and so many idol groups.popular among young girls... smap group from journeys corporation
    so popular amopng japanese people but acutaly broke down 2 years ago but some speculate that it was a corporate deicision? ]
	
	very popular corporation... nasty, 
	
	
	hiroki... 
	
	ise... live in tokyo japan, work for trading company.. and deal with sweetener. sugars.. starch
	
	worked for 2 years , thailand to japan and sell i njapan market
	
	in office usually use english. .. main scheme is training and managment of the company... 
	most import corn from america and process in japan to sell... but in my job is manufacturing is thailand 
	
	Can india become a global power.. Discussion topics 
	
	1( agree) because india has so strong workforce... following after china, the rate of development in india\
	is rapidly increasing... employment rate. rate of countries GDP ... CPI ...
	
	infrastructure issues, but energy transformations may help them ...
	
	consumption of food it as at a high level.. consumption power, located job in food industry to 
	economic power. is high standard compared with global standard
	double edge sword... with global recklensssness wasting... power... valuable skillsets 
	slums famous..
	
	these days we can share info on interenet. it helps development of country 
	i dont think develop
	
	in the term of political influence it is limited... independent country it is because india has a unique culture
	many religions and there are few mutual points. within the countries.. 
	influence from 
	
	indias global superopwoer modernization and globalization have occurede many booms... 
	
	
 keep track of cleaning?

150$KENTO YOUNG STUDENT.. .ASK ABOUT CARTOON.S

ok taiju .. had a good night because a baseball tournament.. good 2 runs on own ... 9 runs as a team


league since .. middle school. hobbies playing baseball
free time 

time for cartoons, liek watching youtube videos. engl/japanese
usually watch songs, music videos or baseball - michael jackson, justin bieber. 
dont know what billie jean.. she thinks that i am the one...

... raggae un rojo... lived in america when was 4 years old for 3rd grade..
japan has a lot of homework..

right now english is easier... than japanese... loves algebra 


fuji .. sunday night 
meetings in tokyo. was born in saporra, moved in osaka, kyoto, and now in tokyo
isp .. .company branch in japan.. advetrtising ... business development. not engineer.. 

someitimes yes and sometimes 3rd party.. sometihing liek product manager for business side.. .authority to assign engineers

gettingmarket info and market request, internal cultures .. japanese style of negotiation.. 

more way to charge from business side, more scalable... consumer and experience bookings... 
revenue share model... upsell and advertiserrs for a fee .. most efficient, cpm revenue for impressions.. cost per mil.. 
bring cust to biz. cost for acquisition... 10% for ..

2nd stage would be after gathering many users...  admob provides ad network... sophisticated uI 

revenue per mil.. generallly lower implement sdk spring, .. .same as admin work. 

global platform... everyone in the world. MoPugb.. owned by twitter..
large nubmber of users can bring higher rpm... 
It was very generous to meet you Fuji. I really enjoyed hearing about the role your career path plays in the formation of Internet technology. As I can imagine you may want to improve your English in this realm of expanding opportunities, so I am very willing to assist you in enriching your vocabulary with Daily News articles or adjusting pronunciation with some free conversation lessons. All in all, I look forward to our next encounter and please keep up the great work analyzing those business models.
___________________________

taichi.... went to ranch with friend.. and movie theater.. 
just got back ..  lviing in tokyo.. hometown
hiroshima prefecture ... moveed for pharama company.\\
but job creates compnay to study in shanghai for business.
last year visited safari in s. africa...
/////the rich cry out to the poor with lackign oppurtunities , no poor people dont want to raise their children
under the gondola. but will cry out in shame  for guiding a retribution into a younger generation so the steer to guiding
your children in a liberating and abundant mindset is the very same blessing that we continue to blood sacrifice into our 
existing selves by abandoning our neighbor... giving up hope in their capability to learn.../////

++hank you for booking me TAICHI. It was a pleasure to hear about your wonderful opportunity to advance your education with a business degree by an English taught class. I am sure the national fervor of Japanese people pursuing English becomes a stronger sentiment while in China. For this I admire the path you have chosen and I am pleased to assist in your English transformation. Feel free whenever you please to have an intellectual conversation or pronunciation lesson while hearing the soft mellow birds in the distance. Looking forward to our next lesson, see you soon.
	Internet technologies and the healthcare industries are major proponents for staging a global superpower.
A pleasant backpacking trip along train rides from Russia through Spain may really put in perspective the histories of European conquests.
Some high society controllers defect that the university path is the sole anchor in fueling a globalizing mankind to quickly restructure its future.

%^^%^%^%^%
austion.. 3 months... seeking university experience. so decided upon shanghai..
lot of attractive colleges, like music.. .really interested internet technology. or healthcare industry.
 liek austin alot... studying english for 3 years . next want to master chinese.. niternational business schoolin shanghai..
 
 every class in english, admission in english.. aftrer graduating mba cause . i will join family business
 2nd reason, family bisness started in china 5 years ago///bug market attractive...
 but now single and have money to spend on myslef.. ionvesting in future..
 
 longest travel. was 2 months, traveled several euro. russia -> spain. by train.
 japanese person in s. africa hostel. said costa rica was most improessive ...b ars
 
 the nature in costa rica is fantastic... soem high society people control hjapana. hierarchy..
 popular university succeed in life...
 
  people who live in advance countries... 
.