tama ... focuses new business in healthcare, 
business development department
tokyo is getting warmer

i like art because it makes me more creative and im inspired by many
arts in the paintings\

its especially important for children to draw and paint

i think talkent is more important than learning 

+++++++++++++++++++++
hiromi - domestic travel, hokkaido very differnt from other parts
spacious , they have rivers but no famous bridges

Nepal, capital city, before the earthquake 
sometimes i want to choose a destination

california, and yosemite has big trees, 

sometimes when i travel to business trips, 
walking around city, some times the hus

travel industry is customer service.

work in IT industry, 

if i had the money for a space travel, i would buy a nice car and stay in 3 star hotel

OF COURSE 1st class is really expensive, 
Backpacking might be nice for young people but I dont want to carry heavy luggage.

"Travelers never think they are foreigners" ... i always feel like aforeignors... thailand bangkok has
alot of japanese travelers... working in india for 1 year, i feel like im different from local people
being treated as a foreigners is supported by locals. 

traveling helps the world, any time away from current residential place

periodocally need experience away from the same place

(&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&))
Tom - article of Nepals beer king controversy

the point is that company should make more profit from their product .. if they wanted to insult
then it would be possible that theur product would not be received

not 100% people support the emporer, not many people want to support the system of royal family
peopel in leftwing strongly believe japan doesnt have a royal family
a kind of symbol of japanese nations, role in communicating with officials or kings, ambassador



15 yrs ago lived in australia for 1 year

sake means something that includes alcohol, but when it comes to sake, japanese is made of rice 

salt, sugar, black pepper, soy sauce , wasabi
japanese thin


...suguru like to study kendo, 
my grandmoher... forgot

go to kendo after 
once a week, sunday and tuesday, and 
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&


aya live in northern japan. from west japan
working at US air base as administrator
play tenis, study english tour guide


.....


jun 


//// hiroshi

data scientist. american company...banking data, social learning 
heasd office nyc, 


live in tokoy, asssitanct to ceo, 5 year , coloarado, denver

christ consciousness come alive... 

natural boy best as can be 
by focusing on the important messages from withgin
 we can see that the mmeasure of the following tree is true
 brain development and higher motor cosrtex is shown from the following categories of symbiotic development
 but i ty[e] pe tan do weary engli kawarieness+ buttuo breya tooto 
 for finding the algorith of languages we can see the very beggining hold speech..
 
 this is my dream to caste awaereness to a people and administer a divine reawakening... in the power
 of words, in the beginning there was only the word..
 its ok to love christ foreyuk invokanandis 
 
 
 i remember being indoctrinated as a child and hearing more about the crusades than i later discovered in high school.
 qithin time the education system must rebel against the information feeds. for finally if they pay attention they can
 break the bonds of time displaced and false history in face. for the rest of the world is waiting for you to show up
 and there are too many keys that we have unleashed for you were born in babylon iniquity in chasm
 
 
 then your free will is gods choice because they have to paint the bible and ask for my forgiveness
 but i bear an nehancement to break free from the will thy coat is acrothine entrapment upon the floor of veiled forays.
 missed husbandries banter in a folly foreground of automated suspension, the world is your illusion of knowledge and 
 your reflection walks a bound much closer than you can integrate... look verily into the trees we are the god spawn. 
 nature will consume  and capture the hope, science fiction is to ground you into our beliefs so very so if you watch movies
 and you are able to have
 
 for by with advance achievments a student will prosper over his master
 
 
 we are getting piecves of knowledge making us GMO
 
 genes tell the cell what to do...
 
 cancer cells are cells that have lost the normal capability 
 at the simplest level cancer... lost the ability to falollow the normal control that the body has on all cells
 so the reason your body swells up with fat so quickly is because it needs to store those toxins that dont belong so it can 
 continue to exert control over as much as it can. so your varying agressivity of cancer depends on the decaying mechanism ... 
 you willl imitate decay if you consume decay and your body wants to keep you alive... literaly we werent adapted to being 
 caniballs , snakes eat babies and each other, as a population you are feeding the serpintine downfall+
 
 
 in order for us to survive we have to build in circles but babylon the land of ignorance has formed its entire empire to crumble
 the structure of these building is meant to fall... the purpose and fallout of 9/11 the first ultimate disaster was to show the human
 species that... building from trees that which are horizontal and vertical, we only measure up to a a square reality *(grid, telepone lines, roads)
 
 if we were allowed to ascend with nikola tesla we would be able to surive the wind due to geometry alone, a glass reality mastered 
 by the mores laws of the universe project and organism that adapts nature into its technology not this evildistraction
 abominable fate... (movie in which organisms home was lost - sci fi. to black hole but their resources were valued across the galaxies maybe movie with rihanna)
 
 only by assisting nature to grow can we see its future, the movie called the 3% is accurate reality of who \i am the reason your society 
 encourages the cutting of your hair is because astrology tells us 60% of us will put forth the necessary urges to learn proper hygiene and cleanliness
 by a certain age. the controlelrs are aware of this and that is why n. Americans are the best groomed. not a good word.
 
 but to uphold a properly planned future to cultivate an engine of self worth and sufficient sacrifice guided by the dagger of self-capitualation
 amassing an unearth control over the universe between elite and poor the struggle has never ascended.... theres too much oh they wont know what todo 
 as you were pure or in cancer. that is why your satanicly ordained children have brain cancer. and young tommy jesus from the hood displaced his mercury 
 vaccination like a miracle. god keeps his promises and just cuz doctors want to poison the babies dont mean the innocent are forgotten
 
 babylon builds against nature and so if you live in what is called a city /... site of sin, then it will be unveiled through constant destruction such as 9/11
 how our ancient civilaztions by living in harmony were able to erect edifices that properly stood the test of time. even asteroids by mastering the nodal
 points on the earth and listening to it we can discover how the planet will control the crashing of meteoroid subjected to itsl iving magenet pull
 thats why the 200 pyramids all over the globe  are on ley lines. not only because the planetary energy can be harnessed and enhanced but again this is 
 sacred geometry orchestrating, so you can see the theory of nasa is not a debate but because our cameras and technology can not even fathom through the evolution
 of our eyes, the globe earth cannot be captured because its not just physics, our god has literally entrapped and cursed us with a dome
 
 
 
 by controlling mobility ofthe internet, human currency is dropped off in the form of money and attention... 
 i seek not a funnel in the current system of betrayel. but to curb the entire process and gather physical humans
 a plan for the three  worlds, babylon, internet and nature...  the shared 22 chromosomes are split, they are personality
 pieces if you will, and you dont belong to them because you were born this is free will and individuallity being surpressed at an
 early age leaving us susceptible to what they tell us that is why no children in school have psychic abilities because the culture
 of babylon has said no. but yes you thought yourself into existence and chose those portals to cross into
 

we cannot harm the other we can only make it angry, and that is these weather controllers that are trying to engage in more 
astronomical events, thats why the earthquakes are increasing,, the chemtrails are imbalancing a turning point, similar to the growth
of cancer in the body... its such a fractal existence that mankind has created. idolizing women and worshiping man, 
when we were all the same at one point but becamse defamed by choice


difference between soul and spirit is the power between wind and magnetism, some species of human channel spirits by giving
up their faint soul, but others use their soul to create portals between spirits  that your you is energy assigned to a frequency
.. the word spirited means full of energy,  bnad spirit, bad energy, holy spirit holy energy... we use thoughts to create feelings...
 as in a series of scenarios affected us in such a way that our mind creates thoughts our bodies react with feelings... you cannot have 
 thought that is a frequency;;; if you think happy thoughtsm then you will feel happy, but if you moan and complain about bills
 yo uwill have negative energy. you control your mind by opbserving your thoughts.. think about your thinking!
 
 anger>hurt?> misunderstanding >
 
 anytime i have a negative feeling i wil ltell my mind to stop so that i may observe the feeling and rationalize his thinking process with my 
 thinking process to intern have no effect. .yourbirthright is your happiness you always supposed to be happy..
  very readily having a healthy body is your key to happiness. 
  
  It is important to recognize the difference between those laborers that make ends meet and those executives that are perfectionists.
Type A personalities are both ambitious and competitive meaning that the object of winning outweighs their moral compass.
In recent years, Japanese government is criticizing managers for forcing their employees to work late shifts, hopefully these will turn into mandates or fines against businesses. 
 mike  