why do we experience the illusion. what mechanisms cause us to share a misleading perception of life... 
classsical  psychadelics activate the brain seratonin receptor 5hT2A ... CELLS become more sensitive and so
this ramps the ability of these cortical cells to process information more quickly and more effectively
area in brain stem. LC (locus coeruli) projections to the cortex to release norponephrin

cancer cells are cells that have lost the normal capability 
 at the simplest level cancer... lost the ability to falollow the normal control that the body has on all cells
 so the reason your body swells up with fat so quickly is because it needs to store those toxins that dont belong so it can 
 continue to exert control over as much as it can. so your varying agressivity of cancer depends on the decaying mechanism ... 
 you willl imitate decay if you consume decay and your body wants to keep you alive... literaly we werent adapted to being 
 caniballs , snakes eat babies and each other, as a population you are feeding the serpintine downfall
 
 
REFERED TO AS A NOVELTY DETECTOR. . NORmal firing in here is small followed by bursts. and so under the influence
the rate of these bursts is increased... then maybe it looks mre novelty.. for example looking at a flower feels like 
we are seeing it for the first time. so literally it helps us look through the eys of a child

consciousness is not developed by th ebrain but it is tuned into  so these psychadleics give us access to divine consciousness

asking the guy in mind removes us from the message, what is the identiy of the message (in our minds)
if you are curous about your place in the universe, if you scarecly  know who we are and what 
why we are even alive and what we are meant to do with our time... could it be possible that just like the human organism
that communicates amongst itself that plants not only communicate amongst themselve and with humans (fruit) but also 
to all other species. we are then considering a collective consciousness to exist whether we tune into this reality or not
but this then leads us to realize that the war on drugs, is a war on the mind and that this war is even extended to the entire
planet.. my friends there is a cancer cell, chemtrails are above your head and geoengineering in its current phase is hurting 
you as a person

these psychadelics are messenger molecules on the planet to allow us to tune more deeply into ourselves which is where
divine intelligence rests, the body is the temple where we commune with god and our surroundings are the creation the one
most high has given us to ascend out of, verily the factory of souls is all around us. 