this girl is one strange paradign from a west story...
maybe we literally.. .trying to prove that I was crazy we were walking to town
and persisted for me to admit that iwas running away from somebody I am avoiding..
difference and the crazyness of me 

she proceeds from the telephone 
her point of view is that im pushing her buttons

fully and completely enamored but she says that its not
complex and that she is straight to the point...

so she is keeping her calm because she is insensitive and for one split second she cracks..
if the steam of the argument IS you looking at you and jah represents the mirror...

then you coming to the situation and me pointing out to you trhrough listening to you that 
you are unhappy.. and that you  realized youve always been unhappy ,,,

the stem from her saying there are things she keeps away from me... so she doesnt even know why
she felt compelled to tell me that her coming off the phone unhappy is related to the conversation she just had with LOUIS
	
	
	wanna say your insensitive but you react so strongly to al lthese hypocrisies.
	
	and you wanan interrupt my prayer to god and just reveal
	all i ve done for her , helped with book, aided in recipes. cooked for. 
	
	
	just 
	
	
	personal irritation with my loud voice ... never reported..
	confront her with these childish thingfs..
	
	
	
	
	bones found in whyoming and sold in paris
	
	if correct confined bones in his home. scientist couldnt study the boones.. so development of science would be hindered.
	
	carbon dating science gives us a window to our own reality... so they should be open to the public..
	
	cannot imagine such a kind of creature existed on the earth,,, maybe bigger than elephant or 
	
	chilodren and relativity as a kid to see shared imagination behind fantasy of truth in dinasaurs... humbling reality\\
	
	;ots of training tbc a paleontilogist 
	
	clearly peopel all over the planet and disheartening because of training that we couldnt find new discoveries
	
	
	
	paris ... 